gh-119786: create folder in cpython repo for internals documentation (#119787)
python/cpython: InternalsDoc/index.md

# CPython Internals Documentation

> The documentation in this fodler is intended for CPython maintainers.
> It described implementation details of CPython, which should not be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The documentation in this folder is intended for CPython maintainers.
It describes implementation details of CPython, which should not be
```

assumed to be part of the Python language specification. These details
can change between any two CPython versions and should not be assumed
to hold for other implementations of the Python language.

The core dev team attempts to keep this documentation up to date. If
it is not, please report that through the
[issue tracker](https://github.com/python/cpython/issues).

> 
> 
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
